api/categories:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
api/users:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
tickets?page=1&limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
stats?limit=20:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
index-BczClERE.js:48  GET https://esteira-de-demandas.vercel.app/api/tickets?page=1&limit=20 404 (Not Found)
(anonymous) @ index-BczClERE.js:48
a @ index-BczClERE.js:48
g @ index-BczClERE.js:48
(anonymous) @ index-BczClERE.js:48Understand this error
index-BczClERE.js:48  GET https://esteira-de-demandas.vercel.app/api/tickets/stats?limit=20 404 (Not Found)